DOC-600 Field level changes for release v.4.31 to v.4.37.0 (#65)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/inputs/redpanda_migrator.adoc

*Type*: `string`

=== `output_resource`

> The label of the `redpanda_migrator` output in which the currently selected topics need to be created before attempting to read messages.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the output docs and clarify that this is a separate connector.

Author: Updated as requested on both the input and output of this component.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `redpanda_migrator_output`

> === `replication_factor_override`

Reviewer: I'd move `output_resource`, `replication_factor_override`, and `replication_factor` higher up the hierarchy so it's closer to `topics`.  These are all related to how the connector interacts with topics but it's in the same place as low-level batching settings.

Author: Updated as requested.

> Use the value specified in the `replication_factor` field when creating topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicate whether to override the replication factor of the input topics when creating copies of them. The new replication factor must be specified in the <<replication-factor, `replication_factor` field>>.
```

@Jeffail or @mihaitodor I'm unsure why the input has this option. Does the input or the output create the topic copies?

Reviewer: Also, I assume if this is `false` that the new topics inherit the replication factor of the original. Is that right?

Author: Updated as requested. And yes that's right.

Reviewer 2: Yep, that makes sense. I might add “ when creating copies of them in the destination”.

Reviewer 2: LGTM, thank you!

*Type*: `bool`

*Default*: `true`

> === `replication_factor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[replication-factor]]
=== `replication_factor`
```

Author: Updated as requested.

Replication factor for created topics. This is only used when `replication_factor_override` is set to `true`.

*Type*: `int`

*Default*: `3`

=== `metadata_max_age`

> The maximum period of time after which metadata is refreshed.

Reviewer: What's the significance of this option? We should provide more guidance on when to change this.

Author: @mihaitodor. Under what circumstances would we recommend updating this option?

Reviewer 2: I think some users want to have this system pick up newly created topics quicker. See https://github.com/redpanda-data/connect/issues/2879

Author: Updated the description to reflect this.

Author: Again @mihaitodor. Could you have a quick check to make sure that I have understood this correctly.
